chore: Include steps to add new language in `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#1099)
withastro/starlight: CONTRIBUTING.md

Visit **<https://i18n.starlight.astro.build>** to track translation progress for the currently supported languages.

> #### How to add a new language to Starlight’s docs

Reviewer: "Adding" seems to follow the same style as the other headings
```suggestion
#### Adding a new language to Starlight’s docs
```

- Add your language to the `locales` config in `docs/astro.config.mjs`
- Add your language’s subtag to the i18n label config in `.github/labeler.yml`
- Add your language to the `pa11y` script’s `--sitemap-exclude` flag in `package.json`

> - Create your first translated page under the language just included:
>   
>   ➤ `docs/src/content/docs/{language}/{page-slug}.mdx` covers all the pages coming under `Start Here` section. Our primary suggestion would be to start the `index.mdx` but your free to translate your preferred page.
> 
> > Note: For pages under `Guides` & `Reference` section, the path will go 1 level deep that is `docs/src/content/docs/{language}/{folder}/{page-slug}.mdx`
>       

Reviewer 2: I think we can be more explicit here: we need to have the landing page translated first otherwise it’s a strange experience for people and the “Get started” link on the homepage will redirect them to the English docs.

I’m also suggesting removing the `> Note` as this section is guidance for the initial “Add a language” PR, so I think it’s helpful to keep the steps focused and not overwhelm people looking to contribute:

```suggestion
- Create the first translated page for your language.  
   This must be the Starlight landing page: `docs/src/content/docs/{language}/index.mdx`.
      
```
